::: {#page}
::: {#main .aui-page-panel}
::: {#main-header}
::: {#breadcrumb-section}
1.  [CHILI publisher Documentation](index.html)
2.  [Getting started with CHILI
    publisher](Getting-started-with-CHILI-publisher_1412738.html)
:::

# [CHILI publisher Documentation : Who are you? ]{#title-text} {#title-heading .pagetitle}
:::

::: {#content .view}
::: page-metadata
Created by [ Bram Verniest]{.author}, last modified on May 14, 2020
:::

::: {#main-content .wiki-content .group}
Depending on your profile (as a company and as a person), you might want
to get started with different resources within CHILI Publisher (and
within this documentation).

## Anyone {#Whoareyou?-Anyone}

Before anything else, we recommend you follow our latest \"Big Spicy\"
demonstration. It will give you a good first overview of the solution\'s
possibilities, strengths and weaknesses. Check out www.chili-publish.com
for the latest video or an overview of available scheduled webinars, or
contact your local reseller for a personal demonstration.

The Big Spicy will show you documents and concepts spanning multiple
uses and industries. Not everything might be immediately relevant to
you, but the basic concepts will greatly help your further understanding
of our software.

Next to that, you will want to read about the scope of our software:
[What is CHILI Publisher?](1412740.html){linked-resource-id="1412740"
linked-resource-version="1" linked-resource-type="page"} This will
hopefully give you a good idea of what to expect from our software, and
in which scenarios it can (or should not) be used. Because we do our
best to make sure everybody knows exactly what they\'re buying. Be sure
to also take a look at: [CHILI Publisher\'s
limitations](CHILI-Publisher%27s-limitations_1412744.html){linked-resource-id="1412744"
linked-resource-version="3" linked-resource-type="page"}

## Graphical Designer / Template Administrator {#Whoareyou?-GraphicalDesigner/TemplateAdministrator}

You can find an overview to create your first document in [Your first
CHILI
documents](Your-first-CHILI-documents_1412741.html){linked-resource-id="1412741"
linked-resource-version="2" linked-resource-type="page"}

More information on the Plug-in for Adobe InDesign in [InDesign
Extension](https://chilipublishdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CPDOC/pages/1412007/InDesign+Extension){linked-resource-id="1412007"
linked-resource-version="1" linked-resource-type="page"}

And loads of information on the CHILI Editor under [CHILI Editor
Guide](https://chilipublishdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CPDOC/pages/1412225/CHILI+Editor+Guide){linked-resource-id="1412225"
linked-resource-version="2" linked-resource-type="page"}

## Developer {#Whoareyou?-Developer}

Take a look at some general notes to consider before integrating CHILI.
It\'s a pretty easy process: [Integrating CHILI publisher into an
existing web
portal](Integrating-CHILI-publisher-into-an-existing-web-portal_1412742.html){linked-resource-id="1412742"
linked-resource-version="6" linked-resource-type="page"}

That will point you to a variety of other resources, mostly within
[CHILI API
Guide](https://chilipublishdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CPDOC/pages/1412012/CHILI+API+Guide){linked-resource-id="1412012"
linked-resource-version="3" linked-resource-type="page"}

While you might not be involved in a lot of actual document/template
designs (this is out of the hands of developers in almost all cases), it
is definitely recommended that you also acquire a basic understanding of
CHILI documents and (most importantly) workspaces and output options
:::
:::
:::

::: {#footer role="contentinfo"}
::: {.section .footer-body}
Document generated by Confluence on Oct 07, 2022 07:30

::: {#footer-logo}
[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)
:::
:::
:::
:::
